Pirate passenger missions (#11605)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/pirate jobs.txt

		"reputation: Republic" -= 15
		"reputation: Navy (Oathkeeper)" -= 15
		"reputation: Pirate" += 5

mission "Pirate transport to <planet> [0]"
	name "Transport anarchists to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "This family of <bunks> anarchists are looking to escape local trouble by moving to <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 3 10 .725
	to offer
		random < 50
		and
			"reputation: Pirate" > -100
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 2 12

> 		government "Pirate" "Republic" "Deep" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate"

Reviewer: There's a few lines like this... did the Deep government change get merged while I was gone? Also, is it intentional that you're leaving out the Neutral and Independent governments here?

Author: Ah, I was messing around with the Deep change, guess that goes to show why you gotta turn off all your plugins when making content!

As for the other two, well... I kinda just forgot-

Whoops!

	passengers 3 10 .725
	to offer
		random < 50
		and
			"reputation: Pirate" > -100
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 2 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment 2000
		dialog "You wish the anarchist family the best of luck on <planet>, and collect your payment of <payment>."

mission "Pirate transport to <planet> [2]"
	name "Transport anarchists to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "This family of <bunks> anarchists are hoping to start a new life on <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 3 10 .725
	to offer
		random < 50
		and
			"reputation: Pirate" > -100
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 2 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment 2000
		dialog "You wish the anarchist family the best of luck on <planet>, and collect your payment of <payment>."

mission "Pirate transport to <planet> [3]"
	name "Transport employees to <planet>"
	job
	repeat

> 	description "A ship scrapping operation is looking to move <bunks> employees to a facility on <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "A ship-scrapping operation is looking to move <bunks> employees to a facility on <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
```

	passengers 2 10 .8
	to offer
		random < 50
		and
			"reputation: Pirate" > -10
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 1 4
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment 2000

> 		dialog "You find your contact on <planet> and they do a quick head count before handing you your payment of <payment>."

Reviewer: This sentence has a lot of parts, and it's a little confusing how it focuses on you finding your contact and them counting rather than you getting paid. Maybe:

```suggestion
		dialog "You find your contact on <planet>. They do a quick head count before handing you your payment of <payment>."
```

Author: Now that you point it out, this does sound odd. Your version flows a lot better!

mission "Pirate transport to <planet> [4]"
	name "Transport employees to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "A narcotics operation is looking to move <bunks> employees to a facility on <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 2 10 .8
	to offer
		random < 50
		and
			"reputation: Pirate" > -10
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 1 4
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment 2000

> 		dialog "You find your contact on <planet> and they do a quick head count before handing you your payment of <payment>."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		dialog "You find your contact on <planet>. They do a quick head count before handing you your payment of <payment>."
```

	name "Transport gang to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "This gang of <bunks> petty criminals is hoping to travel to <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 4 8 .8
	to offer
		random < 150
		and
			"reputation: Pirate" > -10
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 2 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment 1500
		dialog "As soon as you land on <planet>, the gang leader hands you your payment of <payment> before the group slips off into the crowd."

mission "Transport wealthy anarchists to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "These <bunks> wealthy anarchists seek comftorable travel to <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 4 8 .8
	to offer
		random < 350
		and
			"reputation: Pirate" > 0
	to accept
		has "outfit (installed): Luxury Accommodations"
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 2 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment 8000

> 		dialog "One of the anarchist's guards hands you your payment of <payment>, before they and the rest of the group enter the <planet> spaceport."

Reviewer: The "before" here really doesn't fit. Maybe something more like this?

```suggestion
		dialog "One of the anarchist's guards hands you your payment of <payment>, after which the group enters the <planet> spaceport."
```

	name "Bulk transport to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "This large group of <bunks> anarchists are hoping to start new lives on <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 11 30 .8
	to offer
		random < 300
		and
			"reputation: Pirate" > -10
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 2 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment 1000
		dialog "You wish the anarchists the best of luck on <planet>, and collect your payment of <payment>."

mission "Pirate bulk transport to <planet> [3]"
	name "Bulk transport to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "A large ship scrapping operation is looking to move a team of <bunks> employees to their facility on <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 11 30 .6
	to offer
		random < 350
		and
			"reputation: Pirate" > -10
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 1 4
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment 1250

> 		dialog "You find your contact on <planet>, and after a lengthy head count, they hand you your payment of <payment>."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		dialog "You find your contact on <planet> and, after a lengthy head count, they hand you your payment of <payment>."
```

You could also probably use both commas or just remove the last one, but I think this is the most grammatically correct way to do it.

mission "Pirate bulk transport to <planet> [4]"
	name "Bulk transport to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "A large narcotics operation is looking to move a team of <bunks> employees to their facility on <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 11 30 .6
	to offer
		random < 350
		and
			"reputation: Pirate" > -10
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 5 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment 1250

> 		dialog "You find your contact on <planet>, and after a lengthy head count, they hand you your payment of <payment>."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		dialog "You find your contact on <planet> and, after a lengthy head count, they hand you your payment of <payment>."
```

mission "Pirate bulk smuggle to <planet> [1]"
	name "Smuggle employees gang to <planet>"
	color selected "illegal job: selected"
	color unselected "illegal job: unselected"
	color unavailable "illegal job: unavailable"
	job
	repeat
	description "A large, illegal operation is looking to move a team of <bunks> employees to their facility on <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there without being scanned or caught by planetary law enforcement."
	passengers 11 30 .8
	illegal 100000 `Your ship is boarded and the employees are escorted to the brig. Their employeer won't be happy to hear this...`
	to offer
		random < 350
		and
			"reputation: Pirate" > -10
			"combat rating" > 150
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 6 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on abort
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
		dialog "You turn the employees away at the spaceport, their employer won't be happy to hear this..."
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment 2500

> 		dialog "You find your contact on <planet>, and after a lengthy head count, they hand you your payment of <payment>."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		dialog "You find your contact on <planet> and, after a lengthy head count, they hand you your payment of <payment>."
```

mission "Smuggle cartel members to <planet>"
	color selected "illegal job: selected"
	color unselected "illegal job: unselected"
	color unavailable "illegal job: unavailable"
	job
	repeat

> 	description "This group of <bunks> cartel members and their secutiy guards covert, yet comftorable travel to <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there without being scanned or caught by planetary law enforcement."

Reviewer: This description is a bit of a mess...

```suggestion
	description "This group of <bunks> cartel members and their guards are looking for covert, yet comfortable, travel to <destination> and will pay you <payment> to take them there without being scanned or caught by planetary law enforcement."
```

Author: Goodness me, how did I miss this, this reads horribly you're right-

Author: My guess is it must have been a copy/paste job that I horribly messed up, must've been real late at night or something...

	passengers 12 24 .8
	illegal 250000 `Your ship is boarded and a firefight breaks out! After the inside of your <model> is trashed, the remaining guards and cartel members are escorted to the brig and you're hit with a hefty fine. This sure won't go over well...`
	stealth
	to offer
		random < 350
		and
			"reputation: Pirate" > 0
			"combat rating" > 150
	to accept
		has "outfit (installed): Luxury Accommodations"
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 6 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on abort
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2

> 		dialog "You turn the annoyed cartel and their disgruntled guards away, no doubt they'll tell their fellow elite about this."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		dialog "You turn the annoyed cartel and their disgruntled guards away. No doubt they'll tell their fellow elite about this."
```

	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment 8000

> 		dialog "One of the cartel guards hands you your payment of <payment>, before they and the rest of the group enter the <planet> spaceport."

Reviewer: See above with the before... you could also just remove the comma instead of changing the wording, I guess.

	job
	repeat
	infiltrating
	description "A large, heavily armed group of <bunks> is seeking no-questions-asked covert transit to <destination> by <date>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there without being scanned or caught by planetary law enforcement."
	passengers 20 40 .8
	illegal 5000000 `Your ship is boarded by security and a firefight breaks out! The inside of both your <model> and the officer's ship is trashed, leaving none of the armed group alive. A rightfully furious officer hits you with an immense fine and says you're lucky that you're not shot on the spot for this...`
	deadline 14
	to offer
		random < 800
		and
			"reputation: Pirate" > -10
          	"combat rating" > 450
	source
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Deep"
	destination
		distance 6 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on abort
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
		dialog "You feel like the group leader is trying to explode your head with their intense stare. They reluctantly turn around, and will probably tell their fellow mercs about this."
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment 2500

> 		dialog "The armed group marches out into the <planet>, the crowd giving way as they do. A well dressed member hands you a payment of <payment> before rejoining the squad at the front."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		dialog "The armed group marches out into the <planet>, the crowd giving way as they do. A well-dressed member hands you a payment of <payment> before rejoining the squad at the front."
```

		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 3
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment 500
		dialog "After a hectic unloading process at the <planet> spaceport, you collect your payment of <payment>."

mission "Pirate mass transport to <planet> [1]"
	name "Mass transport to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "This gigantic group of <bunks> various travelers all seek mass transit to <destination>, and their travel organizer will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 60 120 .8
	to offer
		random < 1200
		and
			"reputation: Pirate" > -10
			"combat rating" > 100
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 6 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 4
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment 500
		dialog "After what feels like hours spent in the <planet> spaceport, finding lost baggage and organizing the unloading, you finally collect your payment of <payment>."

mission "Smuggle plunderbund elite to <planet>"
	color selected "illegal job: selected"
	color unselected "illegal job: unselected"
	color unavailable "illegal job: unavailable"
	job
	repeat

> 	description "This large consist of <bunks> plunderbund aristocracy and their extensive guardianship detachment seek sumptuous, yet surreptitious travel to <destination>, and they will compensate you with <payment> to take them there without being caught by planetary law enforcement."

Reviewer: Pretty sure consist is not the word you're looking for here... cohort? group? number?

Author: "Cohort" might fit better, truth be told a lot of this description was just written by spamming the thesaurus lmao.

After someone brought up using "Plunderbund", I thought the word was so posh and silly I just had to make the rest of the mission text match.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "This large cohort of <bunks> plunderbund aristocracy and their extensive guardianship detachment seek sumptuous, yet surreptitious travel to <destination>, and they will compensate you with <payment> to take them there without being caught by planetary law enforcement."
```

	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 1500
		dialog "You wish the anarchist family the best of luck on <planet>, and collect your payment of <payment>."

mission "Pirate transport to <planet> [1]"
	name "Transport anarchists to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "This family of <bunks> anarchists is hoping to find work on <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 3 10 .725
	to offer
		random < 55
		"reputation: Pirate" > -100
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 2 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 1000
		dialog "You wish the anarchist family the best of luck on <planet>, and collect your payment of <payment>."

mission "Pirate transport to <planet> [2]"
	name "Transport anarchists to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "This family of <bunks> anarchists are hoping to start a new life on <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 3 10 .725
	to offer

> 		random < 55

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 25
```

		"reputation: Pirate" > -100
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 2 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 1000
		dialog "You wish the anarchist family the best of luck on <planet>, and collect your payment of <payment>."

mission "Pirate transport to <planet> [3]"
	name "Transport employees to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "A ship-scrapping operation is looking to move <bunks> employees to a facility on <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 2 10 .8
	to offer

> 		random < 50

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 20
```

		"reputation: Pirate" > -10
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 1 4
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 1250
		dialog "You find your contact on <planet>. They do a quick head count before handing you your payment of <payment>."

mission "Pirate transport to <planet> [4]"
	name "Transport employees to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "A narcotics operation is looking to move <bunks> employees to a facility on <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 2 10 .8
	to offer

> 		random < 50

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 15
```

		"reputation: Pirate" > -10
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 1 4
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 1250
		dialog "You find your contact on <planet>. They do a quick head count before handing you your payment of <payment>."

mission "Pirate transport to <planet> [5]"
	name "Transport gang to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "This gang of <bunks> petty criminals is hoping to travel to <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 4 8 .8
	to offer

> 		random < 40

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 30
```

		"reputation: Pirate" > -10
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 2 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 1000

> 		dialog "As soon as you land on <planet>, the gang leader hands you your payment of <payment> before the group slips off into the crowd."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		dialog "As soon as you land on <planet>, the gang leader hands you your payment of <payment> and the group slips off into the crowd."
```

mission "Transport wealthy anarchists to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "These <bunks> wealthy anarchists seek comfortable travel to <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 4 8 .8
	to offer

> 		random < 60

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 25
```

		"reputation: Pirate" > 0
	to accept
		has "outfit (installed): Luxury Accommodations"
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 2 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 8000
		dialog "One of the anarchists' guards hands you your payment of <payment>, after which the group enters the <planet> spaceport."

mission "Transport shady group to <planet> (Short)"
	name "Transport shady group to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "This group of <bunks> shady individuals seek urgent transport to <destination> by <date>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 3 6 .8
	deadline 6
	to offer

> 		random < 60

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 30
```

		"reputation: Pirate" > -10
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 2 4
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 12000
		dialog "Before you can even speak, the group hands you <payment> and vanishes into the <planet> crowd."

mission "Transport shady group to <planet> (Long)"
	name "Transport shady group to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "This group of <bunks> shady individuals seek urgent transport to <destination> by <date>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 3 6 .8
	deadline 14
	to offer

> 		random < 60

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 25
```

		"reputation: Pirate" > -10
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 6 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 12000
		dialog "Before you can even speak, the group hands you <payment> and vanishes into the <planet> crowd."

mission "Pirate smuggle to <planet> [0]"
	name "Smuggle anarchists to <planet>"
	color selected "illegal job: selected"
	color unselected "illegal job: unselected"
	color unavailable "illegal job: unavailable"
	job
	repeat
	description "This family of <bunks> wanted anarchists is hoping to find work on <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to smuggle them there without being scanned or caught by planetary law enforcement."
	passengers 2 10 .8
	illegal 50000 `Your ship is boarded and the wanted family is escorted to the brig. The anarchists won't be happy to hear this...`
	stealth
	to offer

> 		random < 50

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 30
```

		"reputation: Pirate" > 0
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 6 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 2000
		dialog "You wish the anarchist family the best of luck on <planet>, and collect your payment of <payment>."

mission "Pirate smuggle to <planet> [1]"
	name "Smuggle employees to <planet>"
	color selected "illegal job: selected"
	color unselected "illegal job: unselected"
	color unavailable "illegal job: unavailable"
	job
	repeat
	description "An illegal operation is looking to move <bunks> employees to a facility on <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there without being scanned or caught by planetary law enforcement."
	passengers 2 10 .8

> 	illegal 50000 `Your ship is boarded and the employees are escorted to the brig. Their employeer won't be happy to hear this...`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	illegal 50000 `Your ship is boarded and the employees are escorted to the brig. Their employer won't be happy to hear this...`
```

	to offer
		random < 40
		"reputation: Pirate" > 0
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 6 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on abort
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
		dialog "You turn the employees away at the spaceport, their employer won't be happy to hear this..."
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 2250
		dialog "You find your contact on <planet> and they do a quick head count before handing you your payment of <payment>."

mission "Pirate smuggle to <planet> [2]"
	name "Smuggle gang to <planet>"
	color selected "illegal job: selected"
	color unselected "illegal job: unselected"
	color unavailable "illegal job: unavailable"
	job
	repeat
	description "This gang of <bunks> wanted, well-known criminals is hoping to covertly travel to <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there without being scanned or caught by planetary law enforcement."
	passengers 4 8 .8
	illegal 80000 `Your ship is boarded and the wanted gang is escorted to the brig. The pirates won't be happy to hear this...`
	stealth
	to offer

> 		random < 60

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 30
```

		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on abort
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
		dialog "You turn the angry thugs away. This certainly doesn't help to establish your reputation as a reliable, no-questions-asked transporter."
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 2000
		dialog "As soon as you land on <planet>, the gang leader hands you your payment of <payment> before the group slips off into the crowd."

mission "Smuggle wealthy druglord to <planet>"
	color selected "illegal job: selected"
	color unselected "illegal job: unselected"
	color unavailable "illegal job: unavailable"
	job
	repeat
	description "This group of <bunks> armed guards and their boss seek covert, yet comfortable travel to <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there without being scanned or caught by planetary law enforcement."
	passengers 3 12 .8
	illegal 250000 `Your ship is boarded and a firefight breaks out! After the inside of your <model> is trashed, the remaining guards and druglord are escorted to the brig and you're hit with a hefty fine. This sure won't go over well...`
	stealth
	to offer

> 		random < 40

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 24
```

	to accept
		has "outfit (installed): Luxury Accommodations"
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 6 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on abort
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
		dialog "You turn the annoyed druglord and their disgruntled guards away. No doubt they'll tell their fellow elite about this."
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 9000
		dialog "One of the druglord's guards hands you your payment of <payment>, before they and the rest of the group enter the <planet> spaceport."

mission "Smuggle shady group to <planet>"
	color selected "illegal job: selected"
	color unselected "illegal job: unselected"
	color unavailable "illegal job: unavailable"
	job
	repeat
	description "This group of <bunks> incredibly shady individuals seek urgent, covert transport to <destination> by <date>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there without being scanned or caught by planetary law enforcement."
	illegal 50000 `Your ship is boarded and the shady group is escorted to the brig. Hopefully this doesn't make someone mad...`
	passengers 3 6 .8
	deadline 14
	to offer

> 		random < 60

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 20
```

		"reputation: Pirate" > 0
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 6 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on abort
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
		dialog "You turn the annoyed, cloaked figures away. Whoever they are, they'll likely tell their colleagues about this."
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 16000
		dialog "Before you can even speak, the group hands you <payment> and vanishes into the <planet> crowd."

mission "Pirate bulk transport to <planet> [0]"
	name "Bulk transport to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "This large group of <bunks> anarchists is hoping to find work on <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 11 30 .8
	to offer

> 		random < 30

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 18
```

		"reputation: Pirate" > -10
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 6 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 600
		dialog "You wish the anarchists the best of luck on <planet>, and collect your payment of <payment>."

mission "Pirate bulk transport to <planet> [1]"
	name "Bulk transport to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "This large group of <bunks> anarchists seek transport to <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 11 30 .8
	to offer

> 		random < 30

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 18
```

		"reputation: Pirate" > -10
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 6 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 600
		dialog "You wish the anarchists the best of luck on <planet>, and collect your payment of <payment>."

mission "Pirate bulk transport to <planet> [2]"
	name "Bulk transport to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "This large group of <bunks> anarchists are hoping to start new lives on <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 11 30 .8
	to offer

> 		random < 30

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 18
```

		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 600
		dialog "You wish the anarchists the best of luck on <planet>, and collect your payment of <payment>."

mission "Pirate bulk transport to <planet> [3]"
	name "Bulk transport to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "A large ship scrapping operation is looking to move a team of <bunks> employees to their facility on <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 11 30 .6
	to offer
		random < 20
		"reputation: Pirate" > -10
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 6 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 850
		dialog "You find your contact on <planet> and, after a lengthy head count, they hand you your payment of <payment>."

mission "Pirate bulk transport to <planet> [4]"
	name "Bulk transport to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "A large narcotics operation is looking to move a team of <bunks> employees to their facility on <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 11 30 .6
	to offer

> 		random < 25

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 15
```

	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 1000
		dialog "As soon as you land on <planet>, the gang leader hands you your payment of <payment> before the group slips off into the crowd."

mission "Pirate bulk smuggle to <planet> [1]"
	name "Smuggle employees gang to <planet>"
	color selected "illegal job: selected"
	color unselected "illegal job: unselected"
	color unavailable "illegal job: unavailable"
	job
	repeat
	description "A large, illegal operation is looking to move a team of <bunks> employees to their facility on <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there without being scanned or caught by planetary law enforcement."
	passengers 11 30 .8
	illegal 100000 `Your ship is boarded and the employees are escorted to the brig. Their employer won't be happy to hear this...`
	to offer
		random < 20
		"reputation: Pirate" > -10
		"combat rating" > 150
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 6 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on abort
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2

> 		dialog "You turn the employees away at the spaceport, their employer won't be happy to hear this..."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		dialog "You turn the employees away at the spaceport. Their employer won't be happy to hear this..."
```

	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 1250
		dialog "You find your contact on <planet> and, after a lengthy head count, they hand you your payment of <payment>."

mission "Smuggle cartel members to <planet>"
	color selected "illegal job: selected"
	color unselected "illegal job: unselected"
	color unavailable "illegal job: unavailable"
	job
	repeat
	description "This group of <bunks> cartel members and their guards seek covert, yet comfortable, travel to <destination>. They will pay you <payment> to take them there without being scanned or caught by planetary law enforcement."
	passengers 12 24 .8
	illegal 250000 `Your ship is boarded and a firefight breaks out! After the inside of your <model> is trashed, the remaining guards and cartel members are escorted to the brig and you're hit with a hefty fine. This sure won't go over well...`
	stealth
	to offer

> 		random < 40

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 25
```

		"reputation: Pirate" > 0
		"combat rating" > 150
	to accept
		has "outfit (installed): Luxury Accommodations"
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 6 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on abort
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
		dialog "You turn the annoyed cartel and their disgruntled guards away. No doubt they'll tell their fellow elite about this."
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 8000

> 		dialog "One of the cartel guards hands you your payment of <payment>, before they and the rest of the group enter the <planet> spaceport."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		dialog "One of the cartel guards hands you your payment of <payment> before they and the rest of the group enter the <planet> spaceport."
```

mission "Pirate bulk smuggle to <planet> [2]"
	name "Smuggle armed group to <planet>"
	color selected "illegal job: selected"
	color unselected "illegal job: unselected"
	color unavailable "illegal job: unavailable"
	job
	repeat
	infiltrating
	description "A large, heavily armed group of <bunks> is seeking no-questions-asked covert transit to <destination> by <date>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there without being scanned or caught by planetary law enforcement."
	passengers 20 40 .8
	illegal 5000000 `Your ship is boarded by security and a firefight breaks out! The inside of both your <model> and the officer's ship is trashed, leaving none of the armed group alive. A rightfully furious officer hits you with an immense fine and says you're lucky that you're not shot on the spot for this...`
	stealth
	deadline 14
	to offer
		random < 10
		"reputation: Pirate" > -10
		"combat rating" > 450
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 6 12
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral" "Independent"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on abort

> 		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1

Reviewer 2: Optional, but there are enough of them it might be good to give the player a bigger reputation hit:
```suggestion
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 3
```

Author: Prooooobably, given the decline dialog it's probably fitting for them to a be a bit more miffed than a -1

		dialog "You feel like the group leader is trying to explode your head with their intense stare. They reluctantly turn around, and will probably tell their fellow mercs about this."
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment

> 		payment 6000

Reviewer 2: Given the fine if you're caught, this had better be worth it.
```suggestion
		payment 20000
```
(unless I'm understanding how this works wrongly. If you already get more than a million credits from the mission, ignore this)

Author: I'll take your word on this since I haven't actually tested this one TOO much, but if it turns out to be a little too OP we can just tone it down later.

		dialog "The armed group stash their gear and march out into the <planet> spaceport, the crowd giving way as they do. A well-dressed member hands you a payment of <payment> before rejoining the squad at the front."

mission "Pirate mass transport to <planet> [0]"
	name "Mass transport to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "This huge group of <bunks> various travelers all seek transit to <destination>, and their travel organizer will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 30 60 .8
	to offer

> 		random < 30

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 15
```

		"reputation: Pirate" > 0
		"combat rating" > 100
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 2 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 3
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 500
		dialog "After a hectic unloading process at the <planet> spaceport, you collect your payment of <payment>."

mission "Pirate mass transport to <planet> [1]"
	name "Mass transport to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "This gigantic group of <bunks> various travelers all seek mass transit to <destination>, and their travel organizer will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 60 120 .8
	to offer

> 		random < 20

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 12
```

		"reputation: Pirate" > -10
		"combat rating" > 100
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 6 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 4
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 500
		dialog "After what feels like hours spent in the <planet> spaceport, finding lost baggage and organizing the unloading, you finally collect your payment of <payment>."

mission "Smuggle plunderbund elite to <planet>"
	color selected "illegal job: selected"
	color unselected "illegal job: unselected"
	color unavailable "illegal job: unavailable"
	job
	repeat

> 	description "This large consist of <bunks> plunderbund aristocracy and their extensive guardianship detachment seek sumptuous, yet surreptitious travel to <destination>, and they will compensate you with <payment> to take them there without being caught by planetary law enforcement."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "This large cohort of <bunks> plunderbund aristocracy and their extensive guardianship detachment seek sumptuous, yet surreptitious travel to <destination>, and they will compensate you with <payment> to take them there without being caught by planetary law enforcement."
```

	passengers 24 36 .8
	illegal 25000000 `Your ship erupts into a massive war zone as soon as system security board! The inside of both your <model> and the officer's ship is trashed, as well as the multiple reinforcement ships called in to help. A rightfully furious officer hits you with an immense fine and says you're lucky that you're not shot on the spot for this...`
	stealth
	to offer

> 		random < 30

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 10
```

		"reputation: Pirate" > 5
		"combat rating" > 250
	to accept
		has "outfit (installed): Luxury Accommodations"
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 6 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on abort

> 		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 6
```

Author: Having the decline penalty being the same as the fail penalty seems a little extreme, no?

Author: I'll probably raise it to like... 4, seems fitting

		dialog "You cast away the particularly disgruntled plunderbund and their extensive security compliment, much to their grand annoyance. No doubt there will be much banter among the upper elite about this unfortunate act."
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 6
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment

> 		payment 7000

Reviewer 2: Same as above - this should pay well, or it's definitely not worth it.

		"reputation: Republic" -= 15
		"reputation: Navy (Oathkeeper)" -= 15
		"reputation: Pirate" += 5

mission "Pirate transport to <planet> [0]"
	name "Transport anarchists to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "This family of <bunks> anarchists are looking to escape local trouble by moving to <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 3 10 .725
	to offer
		random < 15
		"reputation: Pirate" > -100
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 2 12
		government "Pirate" "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral" "Independent"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail

> 		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1

Author: ...y'know, that I probably should, it would definitely help people get more into pirate stuff without needing to do scummy things like rep farming.

How much do you think it should give, though?

> 		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1

Reviewer 2: I'd say it depends on how easy you want to make it for the player to in favor. I'd say one is probably fine, but you can do two if you want.

> 		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1

Author: Done and done, hopefully these seem like appropriate values!

	name "Transport gang to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "This gang of <bunks> petty criminals is hoping to travel to <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 4 8 .8
	to offer
		random < 40
		"reputation: Pirate" > -10
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 2 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 1000
		dialog "As soon as you land on <planet>, the gang leader hands you your payment of <payment> before the group slips off into the crowd."

mission "Transport wealthy anarchists to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "These <bunks> wealthy anarchists seek comfortable travel to <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 4 8 .8
	to offer
		random < 60
		"reputation: Pirate" > 0
	to accept
		has "outfit (installed): Luxury Accommodations"
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 2 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 8000

> 		dialog "One of the anarchist's guards hands you your payment of <payment>, after which the group enters the <planet> spaceport."

Author: Englishhhhhh why must you be so _haaaaaaaard_

Yeah, that would be my intent, good catch!

		random < 50
		"reputation: Pirate" > 0
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 6 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 2000
		dialog "You wish the anarchist family the best of luck on <planet>, and collect your payment of <payment>."

mission "Pirate smuggle to <planet> [1]"
	name "Smuggle employees to <planet>"
	color selected "illegal job: selected"
	color unselected "illegal job: unselected"
	color unavailable "illegal job: unavailable"
	job
	repeat
	description "An illegal operation is looking to move <bunks> employees to a facility on <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there without being scanned or caught by planetary law enforcement."
	passengers 2 10 .8
	illegal 50000 `Your ship is boarded and the employees are escorted to the brig. Their employeer won't be happy to hear this...`
	to offer
		random < 40
		"reputation: Pirate" > 0
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 6 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on abort
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 1

> 		dialog "You turn the employees away at the spaceport, their employer won't be happy to hear this..."

Author: Where else might it be? I chose the spaceport because it's probably the most consistent and easiest place for this interaction to take place

	description "This huge group of <bunks> various travelers all seek transit to <destination>, and their travel organizer will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 30 60 .8
	to offer
		random < 30
		"reputation: Pirate" > 0
		"combat rating" > 100
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 2 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 3
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 500
		dialog "After a hectic unloading process at the <planet> spaceport, you collect your payment of <payment>."

mission "Pirate mass transport to <planet> [1]"
	name "Mass transport to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "This gigantic group of <bunks> various travelers all seek mass transit to <destination>, and their travel organizer will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 60 120 .8
	to offer
		random < 20
		"reputation: Pirate" > -10
		"combat rating" > 100
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 6 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 4
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 500

> 		dialog "After what feels like hours spent in the <planet> spaceport, finding lost baggage and organizing the unloading, you finally collect your payment of <payment>."

Author: Potentially, given the amount of people here there would be a bit of luggage that you'd need to haul around, I'll poke at it and see how it feels

mission "Smuggle plunderbund elite to <planet>"
	color selected "illegal job: selected"
	color unselected "illegal job: unselected"
	color unavailable "illegal job: unavailable"
	job
	repeat
	description "This large consist of <bunks> plunderbund aristocracy and their extensive guardianship detachment seek sumptuous, yet surreptitious travel to <destination>, and they will compensate you with <payment> to take them there without being caught by planetary law enforcement."
	passengers 24 36 .8

> 	illegal 25000000 `Your ship erupts into a massive war zone as soon as system security board! The inside of both your <model> and the officer's ship is trashed, as well as the multiple reinforcment ships called in to help. A rightfully furious officer hits you with an immense fine and says you're lucky that you're not shot on the spot for this...`

Author: Honestly... that would be pretty fun, but I'm not really sure how I would _handle_ that-

	color unselected "illegal job: unselected"
	color unavailable "illegal job: unavailable"
	job
	repeat
	description "This large gang of <bunks> wanted criminals is hoping to covertly travel to <destination>, and they will pay you <payment> to take them there without being scanned or caught by planetary law enforcement."
	passengers 10 30 .8
	illegal 80000 `Your ship is boarded and the wanted gang is escorted to the brig. The pirates won't be happy to hear this...`
	stealth
	to offer
		random < 25
		"reputation: Pirate" > -10
		"combat rating" > 150
	source
		government "Pirate"
	destination
		distance 6 12
		government "Pirate"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on abort
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
		dialog "You turn the large group of angry thugs away. This certainly doesn't help to establish your reputation as a reliable, no-questions-asked transporter."
	on fail
		"reputation: Pirate" -= 2
	on complete
		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 1000
		dialog "As soon as you land on <planet>, the gang leader hands you your payment of <payment> before the group slips off into the crowd."
		"reputation: Pirate" += 1

mission "Pirate bulk smuggle to <planet> [1]"

> 	name "Smuggle employees gang to <planet>"

Author: What's the reason for removing the plural form here?

> 	name "Smuggle employees gang to <planet>"

Reviewer 3: 'employee' in this case acts as an adjective. You don't need to pluralize adjectives.

		"pirate jobs" ++
		payment
		payment 1000

> <<<<<<< Updated upstream

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Looks like a GHD issue

		dialog "As soon as you land on <planet>, the gang leader hands you your payment of <payment> and the group slips off into the crowd."

> =======

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

		dialog "As soon as you land on <planet>, the gang leader hands you your payment of <payment> before the group slips off into the crowd."
		"reputation: Pirate" += .5

> >>>>>>> Stashed changes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
